Psalm 97 the Lord reigns let the earth
rejoice let the multitude of Isles be
glad clouds and darkness surround him
righteousness and justice are the
foundation of his throne a fire goes
before him and burns up his enemies
round about his lightnings light the
world the earth sees and trembles
the mountains melt like wax at the
presence of the Lord at the presence of
the Lord of the whole earth the heavens
declare his righteousness and all the
peoples see his glory let all be put to
shame who served carved images who
boasts of idols worship Him all you gods
Zion hears and is glad and the daughters
of Judah rejoice because of your
judgments O Lord or you Lord our most
high above all the earth you are exalted
far above all gods you who love the Lord
hate evil he preserves the souls of his
Saints he delivers them out of the hand
of the wicked light is sown for the
righteous and gladness for the upright
in heart rejoice in the Lord you
righteous and give thanks at the
remembrance of his holy name
you